Before we create a transaction and send it to the network,
let me walk you through some basic setup instructions to set up your environment.
The first thing that you will do is to start
your Bitcoin Core software in the test net mode.
So if you see CPC my Bitcoin core is running in the test net mode.
In one of the previous lessons,
we used our wallet to create a transaction from the graphical user interface.
CPC on my screen,
I have six transactions right now.
So that means I have UTXOs that I can work with.
If your wallet does not already have available transactions without puts to spend,
check out the link below in the instructions to create a transaction.
So you have UTXOs to work with.
Now since you are creating and sending a transaction,
that means we will also need a receiving address that we can send the Bitcoins to.
Now this can be an external address or you can also have
more than one addresses in your wallet so you can just transfer between addresses.
If you don't have more than one address or an external address,
let me quickly show you how to do that.
All you will go to is your debug window.
Then you're going to go to your console.
CPC have a command here that says get new address.
All you have to do is type the command,
get new address and hit enter.
Once you do that it's going to just create a new address for you.
You can always give it a label if you wanted to give it a label.
All you will say is get new address in
the name of the label that you want to give it the label.
I did not use a label so it just having you address right there.
So I can use this address to create my transactions and send some Bitcoins to.
Awesome. So now that we have a receiving address setup
and we also have some UTXOs available in our account,
we are ready to create a rod transaction and send it to the network.
Just a quick overview, wanted to mention that
Bitcoin transaction inputs come from
the outputs of a previous transaction like we talked about.
During a transaction, these funds are transferred from one address to another address.
So when it comes time to spend a transaction,
our wallets scans for all the block chain for
all the spendable UTXOs that we have that are tied to a body.
So now for this exercise to create a rod transaction,
we will use the output from that transaction as a starting point for the inputs.